MEES. TE US MORE  GETED
THAT'S RIGHT,AKOD
>> TSR MILITARY
KNDGED THAT THEYLE
INTO A CEMETERY, TBODI
THEY IS A SEARCH FHA
ISRAELHOSTAGES RNST
COMPLETING OURESTIGATION
INTO THE ISR MILY'S
DESECRATN OF CEMETERIES AND
WUND  16 TERIES
ACROSS GAZA DAMAGE
DESTROYED. I DO WA TO WARN
R VIEWERS THAT THEY MAY FIND
SOME OF THESE IMAGES, THE
SERVING  GAZA, EVEN THE DEAD
CANNOT ESCAPE THE INDIITIES
OF WAR WERE THAN A DOZEN
CEMETERIES LIKE THIS ONE IN
JABALYA, DESECTED BY THE
ISRAELI MILITARYVESTONES
DESTYED SOUPTURNED, TREAD
MAS, LEAVING LITTLE LEFT FOR
THE LIVING TO HONOR THEIR DEAD
THIS IS THAT SAME AVEYD
BEFORE THE WONNTH LATER, A SERI
CAN BE SEEN ON THE NORTHWESTERN
EDGET IS NO EXCEPTION. A CNN
ANALYSIS OVIOSND
CETERIESAVEN DAM OR THAT 16
DESTROYED BY THE ISR
LITARY S IUNEDTS
GRFFENSIVE. AS ILI
ES PUSH DEEPER INTO GAZA,
THEY CSHED THE GRAVES OF
THOUSANDOF PALESTINIANS
TWEENOER JANUARY.
GENEINA AL, CO-DIRECTOR OF
UNIVERSITY'S INSTITUT
FOR ETCS, LAW AND ARMED
CONFLICT SAYS DESTROYING
GRAVEYARDSLA
INTERNATIONAL LAW EXCEPT UNDER
VERY LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES,
CEMETERIES ARE NOT MILITARY
OBJECTIVES. THEY A IN FACT,
WHAT IERNATIONAL LAW WOULD
CONSIDER, AN OBJECT THAT IS
NORMALLY DEDICATED TO CIVIAN
PURPOSES, LIKE PLACES OF
WORSHIP GERALLO  IS
PROTECTED FROM INTENTIONAL
ATTACK. IT OBE
INTENAATED OR
ROYED IF IT BEMES A
MILIBJECTIVE.
IN ME CASES, LIKE TS
CEMETERY IN YA
REFUGEE CAMP IS REALLY
BULLZERS TURNED CEMEES
INTO MILITARY OUTPOSTS, PARKING
RAISED B THE DAMAGE IS
OFLIBERATE AND
PROGRESSIV WEEKS IN
DECEMBER, THE MILITARYLDOZE
MORE AND MORE OF THIS CEMETE
EAST OF HAN EUNICE, BUIL
WITNESSED FIRSTHANTHSUS
GRAVEYARDS WHI EMBEDDED WITH
ISRAFORCESASEK THE
ARMORED PERSNEL RRIERS CNN,
WAS TRAVELIN, DROVE RIGH
RAGE ON A ESHLY BULLDOZE DIRT
RO AND THEN T'TH  TOMBS OPEN TH
HAN EUNICE THIS WEEK, BODIES
REMOVEFROM THEIR GRAVES IN A
STATT, THE ISRAELI MILITARY
KNOWLEDGED EXHUMING DIES
FROM THE CEMETERY ART OF
ITS SEARCH FOR THE BODOF
ISRAELI ES AF
SPOKESMAN COULD NOT ACUNT FOR
THE DAMA TO THE 16 CEMETERIES
OTHER CHOICE PROVIDING TS
PHOTO  WHAT IT SAYS IS A
HAMAROCKET LAUNCHER AT A
CEMETERY IN GAZA. CNN COULNO
INNDENTLY FY WHERE IT
WAS TAKEN THE SPOKESMAN COULD
POSTS OVER GRAVEYARDS, BUT
SA, WE HAVE OU
OBLIGATION TO THE ECT
THE . AND THERE IS NO
POLICY TO CREATE MILITARY POSTS
APPEARS TO HAVE TAKEN S TO
MANEUV AROUND A GRAVEYARD THE
DEIR AL BALAH CERYICH
CHRISTIAN AND JEWISH SOLDIERS
FROM WAR I, LEFT INTACT
DESPITE DEVASTN ALL .
RESIDENTS SAY BODIES WER VERY D
ROY ISRAELI BULLDOZE
WE' CURNTLY RETRIEVING
COOFHEHAT ARE
PRESENT IN THE CERY.HE
OCCUPAONORCES HAVE RUN OVERMOST.
ANWE'VE OIDFI A
IDENTITIES REMAIN UNKNN SOUTH
RUCTION  CEMERIEAS
PARTITS CASEARG
ISRAELS COMMTING GENOCIDE
>> GAZA, ISRAE
>> DENIES THE ALLEGAON, BUT
EXPERTS Y CEMETERY
DESTRUCTION COULD BE EDENCE
OF ISRAEL'S INTE THERE'S
HUGE SYMLIC MEANING TO THE
NOTION THAT NOT EVEN THE DEAD
ARE LEFT IN PEACE. IT GGESTS
TH THIS RESPECT TOWARDTHE
KIND OF SPIRITUAL LIFE OYOUR
ENEMY, TIR CULTURAL PROPER
ANIM AGAINST YOUR ENEMY AT,
THAT IUNLPFUL IN THIS
CONTEXT
>>SEEALLY MILI IS
ILL DESECRATING GRAVES IN
GAZA
>> LOOAT THE HIS
CEMETERY. E THE MILITARY
DUUP BODS TH WEEK, THE
FAMILIAR TOMBS DOY ND ALTOO
SHROUDED BODIES STICKING OUT OF
THESE MEES FILITARY RHEIR FINAL
PURP TSTIF WE'
DOCUEDE. BHAT WE'
ING T ISN'T
ME CASES, IT'THWLN
DOEN CERIES,
EY'RE HEARMED VLES
INGHROUGH